Celebrate Pokémon Day with great games
Nintendo <nintendo-noreply@nintendo.net>
Tue 2/27, 6:14 PM
You
Getting too much email from Nintendo <nintendo-noreply@nintendo.net>? You can unsubscribe
 
Coming soon: Detective Pikachu is on the case

Trouble viewing email? Click here.

 
Nintendo
Nintendo 3DS	|	Nintendo Switch	|	Games

 
2018 Pokemon Day
 
 
 	
Today we commemorate the launch of the very first Pokémon™ games in Japan way back in 1996. Celebrate two decades of Pokémon with games like Pokémon Ultra Sun and Pokémon Ultra Moon, Pokémon Crystal, and many more. 

Don’t forget to use the hashtag #PokemonDay to share your best Pokémon moments.

See the games

 
 
2018 Pokemon Day	
 
 	
Team up with the self-proclaimed “great detective” Pikachu in the Detective Pikachu game, available March 23rd for the Nintendo 3DS family of systems. Plus, you can take a cool Detective Pikachu amiibo™ figure along on the adventure!

Learn more

 
 
2018 Pokemon Day	
 
 	
Pika pika! You can celebrate Pokémon Day every day with an adorable Nintendo 3DS HOME Menu theme featuring lovable little Pikachu. Redeem your My Nintendo points today!

See rewards

 
 
 
Nintendo		 	
Facebook	 	Twitter	 	YouTube	
Game shown:

ESRB Rating	 	ESRB	 
 
 
 	
amiibo sold separately. Visit amiibo.com for details on amiibo functionality.

Broadband Internet access required for online features. For more info, go to support.nintendo.com. 

To ensure ongoing optimal receipt of these communications, please add our ‘From’ address (nintendo-noreply@nintendo.net) to your Address Book. Thank you. 

This e-mail was sent to your email address because you asked to receive updates and promotions from Nintendo. 

If you do not wish to receive such emails in the future, please unsubscribe. 

This e-mail is a presentation of Nintendo of America Inc., 4600 150th Ave NE, Redmond, WA 98052, nintendo.com/corp. 

Game trademarks and copyrights are properties of their respective owners. Nintendo properties are trademarks of Nintendo. © 2018 Nintendo. 

If you have any questions about Nintendo’s privacy practices, click here.

 
 

