Last Call for Friday's AFCEA NOVA Big Data Luncheon
AFCEA NOVA
Yesterday, 3:08 PM
You
Getting too much email from AFCEA NOVA? You can unsubscribe


AFCEA NOVA April Big Data Luncheon
Friday, April 6, 2018 | Sheraton Tysons Corner
	

	
Mr. Robin P. Swan
Deputy Director, Office of Business Transformation, Office of the Secretary of the Army

About Mr. Swan
Mr. Robin P. Swan joined the Office of Business Transformation in January 2011. As Deputy Director, he directly supports the Director, Office of Business Transformation (D, OBT) in managing, supervising, and coordinating the OBT's efforts in support of the Under Secretary of the Army/Chief Management Officer (USA/CMO) as he carries out all aspects of the Army's business transformation initiative.
	

	
Mr. Michael C. Sydla
Division Director for Information Management Resources Logistics, Maintenance and Industrial Operations, Naval Sea Systems Command

About Mr. Sydla
Mr. Michael C. Sydla was selected to be the Division Director for Information Management Resources Division in May 2014. In this role, Mr. Sydla is responsible for providing leadership in the Information Technology (IT) arena with responsibilities in IT acquisition management and IT planning, program and budgeting. Mr. Sydla also oversees policy development, system engineering, and promoting operational efficiency within the Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) Logistics, Maintenance and Industrial Operations (SEA04) area of operations. Mr. Sydla is responsible for over 105 IT systems and networks and over $100M dollars of sustainment and development funds. He is the current lead on developing a technical refresh Major Automated Information System (MAIS) program to support all ship and submarine shore maintenance.
Read More and Register

More Upcoming AFCEA NOVA Events
Friday, April 20, 2018 | 8:00am - 5:00pm
Ritz-Carlton Pentagon City

11th Annual Joint & Combat Support Agency IT Day

This one-day conference will provide DOD leadership with an opportunity to brief industry on their vision, requirements, and acquisition strategies, and also allow them to explain how they plan to leverage IT and accelerated acquisition approaches to address critical needs. 

Learn how industry can support filling critical capability gaps with Information Technology and related services. Attendees will have an opportunity to meet and hear from senior leadership from OSD, Joint Staff, COCOMS, US Army, Coast Guard, and DOD Agencies.

Read More and Register >

Sunday, April 29, 2018 | 8:30am
Fairfax Corner

2018 AFCEA NOVA VetEd 5K Sortie

On Sunday, April 29, AFCEA NOVA will host the VetEd 5k Sortie. With support from our members and friends, we give thousands of dollars in scholarships every year and very much look forward to this fun and exciting addition to our yearly activities. Please invite your friends, family, and colleagues of all ages to this fun and rewarding event. We hope to see you there!

Read More and Register >

	

	
Thursday, May 3, 2018 | 10:00am - 6:00pm
Westfields Golf Club

2018 Chapter Golf Tournament

AFCEA NOVA is planning the Washington DC/Northern VA area's premiere golf tournament for 2018!

Join DOD and Industry participants at Westfields Golf Club for this outstanding networking event. Proceeds will support meeting the Chapter’s goals for STEM scholarships and grants. The tournament is an excellent networking event, and provides an opportunity for participants to renew and expand business relationships. 

The tournament is a Captain’s Choice (Best Ball) event and provides opportunities for golfers of all levels to participate and contribute. Participants will enjoy playing the exclusive Freddie Couples designed course, beverages during play, a networking cocktail reception, and an outstanding awards dinner, including a raffle.  Register before April 11th to receive $50 off the cost of an industry twosome.

Read More and Register >


AFCEA NOVA
P: 703.778.4645 | F: 703.778.5480
info@afceanova.org
afceanova.org
See what's happening on our social sites:
Facebook ? Twitter ? LinkedIn ?


AFCEA NOVA | 2800 Eisenhower Ave, Suite 210, Alexandria, VA 22314
Unsubscribe jdpindell@hotmail.com
Update Profile | About our service provider
Sent by info@afceanova.org in collaboration with
Trusted Email from Constant Contact - Try it FREE today.
Try it free today